---
title: Release Notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Platform 1.1.0.232
description: Find what are the new features added, bug fixes done and how to upgrade to this new version from an older version.
platform: dashboard-platform
documentation: ug
---

# Release Notes v1.1.0.232 (Service Pack)

{% include release-info.html date="August 11, 2016" version="v1.1.0.232" %} 

## Dashboard Designer

### Bug Fixes
{:#dashboard-designer-bug-fixes}

* Dashboard with impersonation mode enabled during publish, can be previewed now from Dashboard Server.
* Rendering of widget with different data source bounded will no longer fail, even a data connection which it wasn’t associated with but other widgets in that dashboard, fails.
* \#161113 – Boolean values in CSV file will be recognized properly by Dashboard Designer.
* \#160869 – Exporting a widget will no longer export the entire dashboard in Dashboard Viewer.
* \#160365 – Dashboard will now show the format settings based on culture set in dashboard instead of machine culture.
* \#160106 – Cross data source filtering will now work considering both field name and data source name.
* \#160182 – Dashboard designed with SQL Stored Procedure data can be previewed now.
* \#159944 – Multiple regions selection in Bubble and Choropleth Maps will now be maintained on applying filtering in another widget.
* \#160509 – Date filter will be maintained properly now after the data is refreshed.
* \#160867 – Multi selection option will be visible now, when Map widget is set as Master widget.
* \#159862 – Map zooming with mouse scroll issue has been fixed.


## Dashboard Data Agent

### Bug Fixes
{:#dashboard-data-agent-bug-fixes}

* \#160226 – Auto refresh will now work for flat JSON resulted REST API Web Data Source bounded dashboard.

## Dashboard Server

This section describes the release notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Sever version 1.1.0.232. It includes the newly added features, bug fixes done and how to upgrade the older version to the new version.

### Bug fixes

Refer to the following list of bugs fixed in this version: 

* \#160191 - Fixed an issue where database is not created successfully in the Azure SQL Server when Dashboard Server is hosted as a Azure App Service.
* Fixed an issue where a comment cannot be deleted when the Dashboard Server application is hosted as a Azure App Service.
* Click to copy icon is not shown in Safari browser has been fixed.
* Longer comments cannot be posted when Dashboard Server uses Oracle as the underlying database has been fixed.

### Upgrade

 Refer to the following steps to upgrade the Syncfusion Dashboard Server from an older version to this version:

* Download the latest Syncfusion Dashboard Server from [here](http://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/dashboard).
* Follow the installation steps from [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/installation-and-deployment).

Dashboard Server updates the database schema of your current version to the new version.

N> For SQL, MySQL and Oracle databases, make sure you have a valid network connection to the database while upgrading to the new version.