---
layout: post
title: Release Notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Platform 1.1.0.159
description: Find what are the new features added, bug fixes done and how to upgrade to this new version from an older version.
platform: dashboard-platform
documentation: ug
---

# Release Notes v1.1.0.159 (Service Pack)

{% include release-info.html date="January 29,2016" version="v1.1.0.159" %} 

## Dashboard Designer

   This section describes the release notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Designer version 1.1.0.159. It includes the newly added features, bug fixes done and how to upgrade the older version to the new version

### Features
{:#dashboard-designer-features}

*   SQL Server Impersonation within a domain is now supported - click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/sharing-dashboard/datasource-authentication-modes#sql-server-impersonation-within-a-domain) for more details.
*	Scheduled Auto-Refresh & no loading screen on auto-refresh have been implemented.
*	Implemented SSL security for dashboard service and login module in Dashboard Designer.
*	\#148507 – Provided measure formatting support for expression columns for PivotGrid widget.
*	\#146475 - Date time type expression fields like calculated dimensions were supported to create and use in Row and Column sections.
*	\#148964 – Support for DateTimeOffset and DateTime2 types were added.
*	Tool tip for all types of chart in both designer and viewer is improved.
*	Alert message for users of IE8 and IE11 in Enterprise Mode while trying to view our dashboard in those browser versions.

### Breaking changes
{:#dashboard-designer-breaking-changes}

*	Popup windows were provided for plot axis, sorting, custom legends and trend line settings in Chart Properties window. 
*	The hovering color of function names in expression editor hold texts in black color even while hovering the item, is now changed to white.

### Bug fixes
{:#dashboard-designer-bug-fixes}

Refer the following list of bugs fixed in this version:

*	\#149284 – Design canvas and label edit window show different highlighted color issue has been fixed.
*	\#148945 – After applying filter, maximized view of chart looks empty has been fixed.
*	\#148819 – MS SQL query returns empty data while filtering using Unicode data has been fixed.
*	\#149284 – In Label widget, vertical text alignment not working properly in viewer has been fixed.
*	\#149595 – Issue with expression name for multi-lingual support has been fixed.
*	\#148507 – Incorrect calculation of expression field in subtotal row in pivot grid has been fixed.
*	\#147669 - No more timeout exception will throw by rendering and displaying a minimum rows for widgets in designer.
*	\#121392 - Provided tooltip information on how to add server name for publishing.
*   \#150257 - Scheduled dashboard exported image no longer shows loading indicator
*   \#150156 - Show Legend setting in ChoroplethMap Properties window no longer misbehaves.
*   \#150345 - Dashboard bounded with file type data sources like CSV and Microsoft Excel, will now render the dashboard properly after publish to dashboard server.
*   \#150159 - Setting parameters to link a dashboard no longer throws error when the linking dashboard don't have any master widgets.
*	Fixed the selected value maintenance issue when opening the dashboard with ListBox.
*	No more exception will be thrown, when editing the data source connected from remote excel file.
*	Fixed the improper display of RadioButton content in viewer.
*	Card widget value showing NaN in the published dashboard and in preview with the German culture for Microsoft SQL Server connection type has been fixed.
*	High CPU and GPU utilization in running Dashboard Designer was controlled.
*	Fixed the issue with widget placed in design canvas in-between the cells, when we export the widget and open the SYDW file.
*	In grid widget, update problems with sort position and column name changes while copy and paste has been fixed.
*	No more exception will be thrown, when editing the data source after opening the existing dashboard.
*	Fixed the overlapping issue of data labels across all charts.
*	Fixed the rendering issue of chart when the visibility of legend and trendline are enabled at the same time.
*	Plot axis settings now works properly in chart widget in viewer.
*	Dragging Object type column into Column section of any Chart type widget no longer throws error.
*	Time out error no longer thrown with DatePicker widget when there is no Internet connection provided the bounded data referred from online data server.
*	Dates that lies outside the range of data source no longer shows highlighted effect in DatePicker widget.
*	Dashboard Service no longer throw binding error while hosting it in IIS express.
*	Filtered Map widget view now exports to image properly.
*	Invalid file error no longer thrown in designer while opening data source file (SYDS) by double-click.

### Upgrade

Refer to the following steps to upgrade the Syncfusion Dashboard Designer from an older version to this version:

*	Download the latest Syncfusion Dashboard Designer from [here](http://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/dashboard).
*	Follow the installation steps from [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/installation).

## Dashboard Platform SDK


This section describes the release notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Platform SDK version 1.1.0.159. It includes the newly added features and how to upgrade the older version to the new version.

### Features
{:#dashboard-platform-sdk-features}


*    \#146813, \#150049 - Data connection string referred in SYDX file can now be changed dynamically in dashboard embedded application - click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-sdk/how-to#change-data-connection-string-in-dashboard-at-runtime) for more details.

### Upgrade

Refer to the following steps to upgrade the Syncfusion Dashboard Platform SDK from an older version to this version:

*	Download the latest Syncfusion Dashboard Platform SDK from [here](http://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/dashboard).
*	Follow the installation steps from [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-sdk/installation-and-deployment).


## Dashboard Server

This section describes the release notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Sever version 1.1.0.159. It includes the newly added features, bug fixes done and how to upgrade the older version to the new version.

### Features

Refer to the following list of upgrades done in this version:

* [Active Directory](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/aa746492) Integration - click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/site-settings/active-directory) for more details.
    * Import users and groups from Active Directory into the Dashboard Server. 
    * Synchronize users and groups information from Active Directory on demand and by schedule.
    * Support for Kerberos Authentication.
    * Support for SSL connection for LDAP.
* \#146438, \#121036, \#146639, \#146605 - Support for Azure SQL Database.
* \#145505 - Support for all collation in SQL Server.
* \#148080 - Enable SSL for the Dashboard Server - click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/installation-and-deployment#ssl) for more details.
* \#146837 - Added SMTP Username in the `Email Settings`.
* \#147897 - Custom Branding improvements.
* Email notifications are now sent for profile updates done by the user and by the `System Administrator`.
* Shown the number of users in the `Groups` listing page itself.
* Shown the occurrence overview after a schedule is added or edited.
* Dashboards are opened with its name and its category name in the URL.   

### Bug fixes

Refer to the following list of bugs fixed in this version: 

* \#146863 - Login failed in CET Time Zone machines.
* \#144654 - Login failed in other language OS and SQL Server.
* Dashboards are not emailed on schedules for other language SQL Servers.
* Not able to run Dashboard Server in different SQL Collations.
* Unable to update schedules in Chinese OS machines.
* Restore option is not shown after sorting a column in Version tab in Version History.
* Minor bug fixes in the Dashboard Scheduler.

### Upgrade

 Refer to the following steps to upgrade the Syncfusion Dashboard Server from an older version to this version:

* Download the latest Syncfusion Dashboard Server from [here](http://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/dashboard).
* Follow the installation steps from [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/installation-and-deployment).

Dashboard Server updates the database schema of your current version to the new version.

N> For SQL databases, make sure you have a valid network connection to the database while upgrading to the new version.