---
layout: post
title: Release Notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Platform 1.1.0.170
description: Find what are the new features added, bug fixes done and how to upgrade to this new version from an older version.
platform: dashboard-platform
documentation: ug
---

# Release Notes v1.1.0.170 (Service Pack)

{% include release-info.html date="March 8,2016" version="v1.1.0.170" %} 

## Dashboard Designer

## Features
{:#dashboard-designer-features}

* \#146733, #148071, #148804 – Custom SQL Query Binding through Code View editor is now supported for Microsoft SQL Server and ODBC connections (MySQL and Oracle). 
* \#147456 – Stored procedures in SQL Server Database are now supported.
* Following new data connection types were supported.
  * \#149198, #120308 – Oracle Database through ODBC connection
  * \#146859, #148220 – RESTful Web Services through common web data connector
  * \#147896, #149330 – JSON
  * \#121457 – Access Database through ODBC connection
  * \#146749 – Microsoft Azure Table Storage
  * \#147896 – SQLite
  * MySQL Database through ODBC connection
  * Salesforce Objects
* Recently opened dashboards list can be viewed now through the application menu.
* Dashboard Widgets can be imported/exported from/to Dashboard Server now.
* Commenting for a dashboard or its individual widgets published to a Dashboard Server can be enabled/disabled.
* Data Extraction from live RESTful web services, particularly Salesforce, Microsoft Azure Table Storage to Microsoft SQL Server can be scheduled through running a data agent on installation of new `Syncfusion Dashboard Data Agent` in data server, on publishing a dashboard with Salesforce, Web Data Connector or Microsoft Azure Table Storage connection type.
* Prompting for database credential can be enabled now while viewing a dashboard by user for authorized data access.
* Conditional Formatting support added for dimension type columns in Grid widget.
* \#150163 – Relative date filters will now work based on data server time zone instead of dashboard server time zone.
* \#150050 – Dashboard Server logged in user credential will be persisted such that dashboard designer application can be reopened with logged in state in a machine until signed out explicitly on application exit.
* \#148271 – Measure formatting is supported now in Radial Gauge widget.
* \#148271 – Start and End range value can be defined explicitly in Radial Gauge widget.
* \#149330 – Auto refresh can now be configured to occur only when there is a change in row count in database.
* Sorting, Grouping and Selection Support now added in Pivot Grid widget.
* Data load improvements handled in dashboard widgets other than Tree Map, List Box and Range Navigator.
* Filtering KPI expression column values in Grid is possible now.
* Multiple conditions can be configured now in conditional formatting window in Grid widget.

## Bug fixes
{:#dashboard-designer-bug-fixes}

* \#150715 – In Chart widget, with different range of records in "Value(s)" and "Line Value(s)" section, disabling the "Secondary Value Axis" property, will now change the primary axis scale appropriately.
* \#150058 – Inappropriate `ej.dashboardviewer.all.min.js` file shipped with SDK installer has been replaced now with appropriate one.
* \#150210 – Inappropriate rendering of bubble map with a valid custom shapefile (JSON) no longer occurs.
* \#150421 – Auto refresh timer has been set with a minimum value of 30 seconds, by default.
* \#150257 – Scheduled dashboard exported image no longer shows progress indicator.
* \#150165 – Keyboard navigation in Date Options dialog dropped down in Allow Filtering window for DateTime type column no longer misbehaves.
* \#150158 – Choropleth Map regions no longer get cropped on enabling legend.
* \#150159 – Setting parameters no longer return error when linked dashboard has no master widget.
* \#151081 – Card widget no longer flickers during auto refresh.
* \#150157 – Bubble and Choropleth maps will now show proper legend unit, when any text appended through measure formatting dialog.
* \#150715 – Mismatching of data values with primary and secondary axis in Combo Chart widget with Stacked Column type no longer occurs.
* \#151236 – Alignment issue in exported dashboard image having image widget has been fixed.
* \#150715 – Axis formatting in Combo Chart widget can be handled now.
* \#150745 – Rounding off of numeric values in Pivot Grid widget will now work properly based on the configured decimal places.
* \#150160 – Axis label trimming can be handled now through property setting in Chart widgets.
* \#150709 – Inappropriate filtering w.r.t DateTimeOffset typed column in SQL Server no longer exists

## Dashboard Platform SDK

## Features
{:#dashboard-platform-sdk-features}

* Commenting for a dashboard published to a Dashboard Server whose link was embedded in ej.DashboardViewer widget can be enabled/disabled. 
* Dashboard Service Hosting in IIS can now be handled through running a simple application shipped with SDK installation.
* Dashboard widget can be embedded now in ej.DashboardViewer like embedding a dashboard.

## Dashboard Server

This section describes the release notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Sever version 1.1.0.170. It includes the newly added features, bug fixes done and how to upgrade the older version to the new version.

### Features

Refer to the following list of upgrades done in this version:

* \#144807, \#147073, \#150164 - Localization - Support to localize the Dashboard Server into different cultures. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/localization) for more details.
* \#146837 - Added SMTP anonymous authentication in the `Email Settings`.
* Collaboration - Collaborate with the other users in the Dashboard Server by commenting on Dashboards and Widgets. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/collaboration) for more details.
* Notifications - System and mail notifications to notify the users for comments on the Dashboards and Widgets. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/notifications) for more details.

### Bug fixes

Refer to the following list of bugs fixed in this version: 

* \#144654 - Login failed in other language OS and SQL Server.
* \#151079 - Favicon is not showing in the title bar while viewing Dashboards.
* Not able to view Category of Dashboards which have `Specific Dashboard` permission in the Dashboard Designer.

### Upgrade

 Refer to the following steps to upgrade the Syncfusion Dashboard Server from an older version to this version:

* Download the latest Syncfusion Dashboard Server from [here](http://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/dashboard).
* Follow the installation steps from [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/installation-and-deployment).

Dashboard Server updates the database schema of your current version to the new version.

> For SQL databases, make sure you have a valid network connection to the database while upgrading to the new version.