---
title: Release Notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Platform 1.1.0.229
description: Find what are the new features added, bug fixes done and how to upgrade to this new version from an older version.
platform: dashboard-platform
documentation: ug
---

# Release Notes v1.1.0.229 (Service Pack)

{% include release-info.html date="July 08, 2016" version="v1.1.0.229" %} 

## Dashboard Designer

### Features
{:#dashboard-designer-features}

* \#149262, #150234, #150189, #157819, #158086 –New data connection type `Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services` to connect multi-dimensional cube data has been added. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/connecting-to-data/connecting-to-data#connecting-to-sql-server-analysis-services-cube) for more details.
* \#147647, #149198, #150634, #123701, #157963 – New data connection type `PostgreSQL` to connect PostgreSQL database has been added. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/connecting-to-data/connecting-to-data#connecting-to-postgresql-database) for more details.
* \#146945, #149139, #144392, #157876, #157889, #157881 – User based filtering in dashboard published to dashboard sever is supported. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/compose-dashboard/configuring-user-based-filter) for more details..
* \#154596, #154804, #156839, #158187 – Persistence of dropped table(s) schema and related data configuration to widgets in Dashboard Designer, on switching to a database with similar schema existing at different location is supported. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/connecting-to-data/editing-a-data-connection) for more details.
* \#155200, #158738, #158829 – System DSN created with prescribed ODBC drivers are now accessible through DSN dropdown list in ODBC connection. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/connecting-to-data/connecting-to-data#setting-up-an-odbc-enabled-sql-server-database) for more details. 
* \#147379, #157716 – Exporting of dashboard and widgets to PDF format is supported. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/previewing-dashboard/dashboard-settings#exporting-dashboard-to-pdf) for more details.
* New data connection type `Hive` to connect Hive database has been added. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/connecting-to-data/connecting-to-data#connecting-to-hive-data) for more details.
* More than one Dashboard Server user account can be configured in Dashboard Designer login and current login user account can be switched in-between. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/sharing-dashboard/connecting-to-a-server) for more details.
* Exporting of Dashboard and Widgets to Excel supported both XLS and XLSX file types and to define file name. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/previewing-dashboard/dashboard-settings#exporting-dashboard-to-excel) for more details.
* Exporting of Dashboard and Widgets to Image can now be done in preferred DPI resolution and formats like JPEG, PNG, and BMP. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/previewing-dashboard/dashboard-settings#exporting-dashboard-to-image) for more details.
* Exporting of Dashboard and Widgets to Image and PDF supported to define both file name and title information. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/previewing-dashboard/dashboard-settings#exporting-dashboard-to-image) for more details.
* Dashboard can be marked as public in Dashboard Designer during publish to Dashboard Server, for unrestricted access. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/sharing-dashboard/publishing-to-server#public-accessibility) for more details.
* Dashboard can be marked as favorite for current logged in user in Dashboard Designer during publish to Dashboard Server. Refer [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-designer/sharing-dashboard/publishing-to-server#marking-as-favorite) for more details.
* Dashboard Designer is now compatible for touch interactions in Windows Surface tablet device.

### Improvements
{:#dashboard-designer-improvements}

* Date time column can be formatted to display only Hour part in widgets.
* Dashboard Designer supports to load translated resource file in XML format that can be generated by Google Translator.
* Custom Branding of Dashboard Designer can be handled in local by end users.
* Past and Upcoming options are added in Relative Date Filter settings to get past and previous date ranges from today or specific date.

### Breaking changes
{:#dashboard-designer-breaking-changes}

* Login to a Dashboard Sever user account from Dashboard Designer requires both of them to be of same version. i.e., both Dashboard Designer and Dashboard Server should be of same version.

### Bug Fixes
{:#dashboard-designer-bug-fixes}

* \#154913 – Currency formatting will be applied to values in value cells and subtotal cells in addition to grand total cells in Pivot Grid widget.
* \#155228 – Chart widget no longer misbehaves on resizing followed by scrolling in dashboard viewer.
* \#150158 – Legend cropping and label overlapping no longer happens in Bubble and Choropleth Map widgets with certain sizes in dashboard layout. 
* \#154766 – Inappropriate rendering of maximized view of card with `n` values no longer exists on dashboard resizing.
* \#153443 – String type column containing decimal values in JSON format, no longer mistook as decimal type column by Web Data Source connection.
* \#123951, #156407, #157108, #158223 – Dashboard preview works fine with data from MySQL Views.
* \#157164 – Short Date format in label has been customized to display based on machine culture instead of specific culture in Range Navigator widget.
* \#155723 – With dashboard linking, in `Parameter Settings` window, for all target dashboard widgets listed, `Source Column` drop down will list out the source dashboard fields properly.
* \#150210 – Bubble map will show the bubble for region when JSON file has point shape.
* \#155826 – Value Axis title can be set for drill down enabled chart widgets.
* \#156875, #157666 – Date Picker widget will now show dates enabled between minimum and maximum dates of the bounded date column.
* \#155986 – Error no longer thrown while opening existing widget, remove header text and clear the data source bounded to widget.
* \#124322 – Passing NULL or null as integer input parameter to SQL stored procedure in data design view no longer throw error.
* \#156884, #158083, #159095 – Chart values are now plotted correctly, when a date type column is added to Column(s)/Row(s) section.
* \#156357 – Text alignment in Gauge widget title works fine.
* \#155173 – Preview in Dashboard Designer works fine even the system user name has space in between.
* \#151278, #157256 – Filtering in List Box widget works fine.
* \#157025 – Drill down enabled chart will retain the sort order information even for inner level data.
* \#156432 – In Dashboard linking without any filter defined, parameter of source dashboard widget can be passed to target dashboard widget.
* \#158058 – Zooming in Bubble and Choropleth Map widgets will now be relative to the mouse pointer.
* \#158167 – Filtering values with single quote will now work fine in Combo Box widget.
* \#158829 – Data source file created using Oracle data connection type will load properly in Dashboard Designer.
* \#158085 – Tooltip value will be appropriate in viewer and designer after applying customer legend when there is a column added in Row(s) section.
* \#158012 - Publishing a dashboard connected to REST API based web data source and scheduled refresh enabled, works fine now.

## Dashboard Platform SDK

### Bug Fixes
{:#dashboard-platform-sdk-bug-fixes}

* \#158023 - With ondemandChangeConnectionString API configured, Dashboard Viewer no longer misbehaves on applying filter in a widget, on expanding pivot grid row/column hierarchy level, and on updating dashboard. 
* \#158023 – Chart widget renders fine on maximized view even the dashboard `<div>` element is placed within `<table>` tag.

## Dashboard Data Agent

### Bug Fixes
{:#dashboard-data-agent-bug-fixes}

* \#153639 – Data extraction process no longer crashes, while clicking Exit option in system tray icon of Dashboard Data Agent.

## Dashboard Server

This section describes the release notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Sever version 1.1.0.229. It includes the newly added features, bug fixes done and how to upgrade the older version to the new version.

### Features

Refer to the following list of upgrades done in this version:

* \#149380 - Provided support for using `Oracle` as the underlying database.
* \#147647, \#149198, \#149380 - Provided support for using `MySQL` as the underlying database.
* \#147970, \#155461, #155464 - Provided support for choosing an existing database as the underlying database for SQL Server, MySQL and Oracle.
* \#154116 - Provided support for hosting the Dashboard Server as an application under a website in IIS. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/installation-and-deployment#host-as-application-in-iis) for more details.
* \#153483, \#154297 - Provided support for hosting the  Dashboard Server as an Azure App Service. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/azure-app-service-deployment) for more details.
* \#149699, \#156007 - Dashboard Server is now responsive and can be accessed from Phone, Tablet and Desktop devices.
* \#156814, \#157878, \#157968 - Dashboards can now be marked as public and will be accessible to all users without having to log-in. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/administration/manage-dashboards/public-dashboards) for more details.
* \#147482, \#147970, \#155464, \#156815 - Import users from a database into the Dashboard Server. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/administration/import-database-users) for more details.
* Option to mark Dashboards as favorite to view them in the Favorite Dashboards category and return to them with ease. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/administration/manage-dashboards/favorite-dashboards) for more details.
* Option to automatically activate users has been provided. Users can log-in immediately after registering.
* Share dashboards, data sources, widgets, schedules and categories with other users or groups along with read, write and delete permissions. Click [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/administration/manage-dashboards/share-dashboards) for more details.
* Provided an API to run dashboards and export them to image format.
* Forgot password link expiration time has been set as 2 hours to avoid the account hacking.
* Enabled the password policy to secure the application.
* Added a utility to update credentials on the Dashboard Server connection string.

### Bug fixes

Refer to the following list of bugs fixed in this version: 

* \#149380 - Fixed an issue where if the CSV file is uploaded without headers, importing users from that CSV file breaks. 
* \#149380 - Fixed an issue where import from CSV file allowed invalid email addresses for the users.
* Fixed an issue where Active Directory icons are hidden, if the username/group name exceeds the grid column.
* Category scroll bar does not work if the category list exceeds the screen height issue has been fixed.
* Fixed an issue where the user will be redirected to the home page instead of the landing page, if the login is successful after an failure attempt.
* Fixed an issue where Login page waiting popup are not rendered properly in IE.

### Upgrade

 Refer to the following steps to upgrade the Syncfusion Dashboard Server from an older version to this version:

* Download the latest Syncfusion Dashboard Server from [here](http://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/dashboard).
* Follow the installation steps from [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/installation-and-deployment).

Dashboard Server updates the database schema of your current version to the new version.

N> For SQL, MySQL and Oracle databases, make sure you have a valid network connection to the database while upgrading to the new version.