---
title: Release Notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Platform 1.1.0.199
description: Find what are the new features added, bug fixes done and how to upgrade to this new version from an older version.
platform: dashboard-platform
documentation: ug
---

# Release Notes v1.1.0.199 (Main Release)

{% include release-info.html date="April 22, 2016" version="v1.1.0.199" %} 

## Dashboard Designer

### Features
{:#dashboard-designer-features}
    
* Export to Excel support added for all except filter widgets in Dashboard Viewer.
* Predefined texts and labels in Dashboard Designer can be localized now to any specific culture language.
* Linking support added to Pivot Grid widget.

### Improvements
{:#dashboard-designer-improvements}

* \#150706 – Option provided in Properties pane to configure for all Proportion type chart widgets to show data labels with both Value and Percentage.
* \#150374 – Option provided in Properties pane to configure for all chart types to set rotation angle for primary axis value labels.
* \#149699, #151193 – Dashboards are now compatible for tablet and mobile views.
* \#150160 – Option provided in Properties pane to configure the visibility of axis title in both basic and combo chart widgets.
* Error messages and alerts in Dashboard Viewer that occur on any inconsistencies, have been replaced with notification bar that avoids the user to forcibly close the prompted dialog.
* Clearing the browser cache manually to view the updated dashboard whose earlier version was viewed already through the same link, no longer required.

### Bug Fixes
{:#dashboard-designer-bug-fixes}

* \#151239 – Sorting works properly now for Date type dimension column configured to Proportion type chart widgets. 
* \#153569 – `Dashboard Service could not be contacted` error message no longer thrown in Dashboard Viewer when Dashboard Service is hosted in SSL (or HTTPS).
* \#151278, #153699, #154980, #154993, #153497, #155479, #154999 – `Object reference not to set to an instance of an object` error no longer thrown while saving dashboard whose data was created from SQL Server Database Views.
* \#150160 – Primary axis labels in chart widget no longer overlaps with axis title and legend in 45 degrees or 90 degrees rotated mode.
* \#153450 – Data extraction process no longer crashes in Dashboard Data Agent for Web Data Source type data sources when schedule is running.
* \#153443 – In Web Data Source, JSON text field will now be treated as string even its value is decimal formatted.
* \#154232 – Data update process through Dashboard Data Agent no longer crashes the application, when it deals with NaN values.
* \#153470 – While editing the saved data source, date time format no longer retained in column, whose type was changed to string already.
* \#155354 – Scheduled update in published data through Dashboard Data Agent for Web Data Source connection type will now work properly even it has multiple tables.
* \#155228 – On resizing browser window with horizontal virtual scroll bar enabled chart widget, while scrolling, chart element no longer render out of its container. 
* \#154881 – Currency Culture setting now applied properly in widgets in dashboard viewer.
* \#153470 – `Date Time` type no longer persisted in a column while editing a data source, whose type was changed to `Text` already


## Dashboard Platform SDK

### Features
{:#dashboard-platform-sdk-features}

* Predefined texts and labels in Dashboard Viewer can be localized now to any specific culture language.

## Dashboard Server

This section describes the release notes for the Syncfusion Dashboard Sever version 1.1.0.199. It includes the newly added features, bug fixes done and how to upgrade the older version to the new version.

### Features

Refer to the following list of upgrades done in this version:

* Login into the Dashboard Server using username or email.
* Schedule improvements - Shows both application Time Zone and customer's Time Zone when a Dashboard is scheduled so that it will be easier for the user to schedule at the right time. 
* Search improvements - Added clear button to clear the search text and reliability improvements.

### Bug fixes

Refer to the following list of bugs fixed in this version: 

* Alignment issues when the Dashboard Server is opened in 125% screen resolution.
* Alignment issues when the Dashboard Server is opened in Microsoft Edge browser.
* Alignment issues in the emails sent from Dashboard Server to Gmail accounts.

### Upgrade

 Refer to the following steps to upgrade the Syncfusion Dashboard Server from an older version to this version:

* Download the latest Syncfusion Dashboard Server from [here](http://www.syncfusion.com/downloads/dashboard).
* Follow the installation steps from [here](/en-us/dashboard-platform/dashboard-server/installation-and-deployment).

Dashboard Server updates the database schema of your current version to the new version.

N> For SQL databases, make sure you have a valid network connection to the database while upgrading to the new version.